        Role of this document

The role of this document is to give a clear image of what obfs2
provides to a censored Tor user.
The role of this document is *not* to describe the censorship ecosystem,
or to analyze the full threat model of Tor.

        Terminology
* Censorship:
  'Censorship is the suppression of speech or other public
  communication which may be considered objectionable, harmful,
  sensitive, or inconvenient to the general body of people as
  determined by a government, media outlet, or other controlling
  body.'
* Anonymity
  Anonymity is the state of an individual's personal identity being
  publicly unknown. Anonymity does not imply Privacy.
* Tor
  Tor is a software system and a computer network intended to provide
  online anonymity. It's main application is 'tor'.
* Privacy
  Privacy is used to prevent the disclosure of information to
  unauthorized individuals or systems. Privacy does not imply
  Anonymity.
* Tor bridge
  A Tor bridge is a component of the tor network that is not publicly
  announced as part of it. It's main purpose is Censorship
  circumvention since finding and blocking a bridge is considered
  non-trivial.
* obfsproxy
  obfsproxy is an application that accepts data as input and can
  reshape it into another form.
  When used with tor, it can transform tor's traffic into other
  protocols in the hope of dodging Censorship.
* obfs2
  obfs2 is a protocol supported by obfsproxy. It shapes data by
  encrypting them with a stream cipher with a randomly generated
  key. It also supports pre-shared passwords.

        Players:
* Censored tor/obfsproxy user:
  A censored tor/obfsproxy user is an Internet user that is censored
  by 'A Man In The Middle'. He wants to use tor to achieve anonymity,
  but he also needs privacy, to hide the fact that he is using Tor.
* Bridge Operator:
  A bridge operator is a person who runs a tor bridge and has
  successfully given to the 'Censored tor/obfsproxy user' the necessary
  information so that the latter can access the bridge service. 
* A Man In The Middle (MITM):
  A MITM is a person or a group of people who have the power to
  apply Censorship.

        What Tor does and does not provide:

Once he is a member of the Tor network a censored Tor user can expect
low-latency anonymity. A Tor user can also expect Privacy with regards
to A Man In The Middle, when he is a member of the Tor network.

The problem is that before and while becoming a member of the Tor
network the user is *not* anonymous and his communications with the
Tor network are *not* private. This allows A Man In The Middle to
identify the Tor user and censor him/her.

        What obfs2 does and does not provide:

A Tor user using obfs2 with a Tor Bridge *without* a pre-shared password
can expect low quality privacy on his communications with the Tor
network before becoming part of it.
'low quality privacy' means that A Man In The Middle who has studied
the obfs2 protocol can easily decipher it, effectively extinguishing
the privacy.

A Tor user using obfs2 with a Tor Bridge *with* a pre-shared password
can expect modest privacy on his communications with the Tor network
before becoming part of it.
'modest privacy' means that A Man In The Middle who has studied the
obfs2 protocol should not be able to decipher it. 
Still one should know that:
* Because of the nature of the protocol, it is susceptible to offline
  password cracking attacks.
* It is the responsibility of the user and the bridge operator to
  decide upon a strong pre-shared password.

After becoming part of the Tor network, the user is considered
anonymous and his communication private, with regards to A Man In The
Middle, under normal circumstances.

Since the realm of anti-censorship is quite young and
not well studied, the obfs2 user should be aware that there are known
and unknown attacks that can potentially identify obfs2 and can be
deployed by A Man In The Middle. Known attacks like that include
entropy counting and timing attacks.

Additionally, a Tor user using obfs2 with a Tor bridge must *not*
expect additional entity authentication, data integrity, availability
or deniability.

Finally, a Tor user using obfs2 with a Tor bridge must *not* expect
protection from flows of the Tor protocol.  
